Correct errors and make clarifying edits for remote administration (#666)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/canton/usermanual/console.rst

Remote Administration
---------------------

> The Canton console can be used to execute commands against both
> its own in-process, local nodes and against other remote nodes.
> Properly configured with network address, port, and token information,
> you can use a single Canton console to administer all the nodes in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Canton console works with both
local in-process nodes and remote nodes.
Once you've configured the network address, port, and token information,
you can use a single Canton console to administer all the nodes in your system.
```

Reviewer: I'm just trying to clarify/simplify a bit, but feel free to veto these edits

As an example, you might have previously started a Canton instance in daemon mode using something like the following:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./bin/canton daemon -c <some config>

You can then execute commands against this up-and-running participant
using a ``remote-participant`` configuration such as:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/community/app/src/pack/config/remote/participant.conf

Given a remote config file, start a local Canton console configured to execute commands on a remote Canton instance like this:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./bin/canton -c config/remote-participant1.conf

Additionally, you can use the remote configuration to run a script:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./bin/canton run <some-canton-script> -c config/remote-participant1.conf

> Please note that most Canton commands can be executed from a remote console.
> However, a few commands are limited to only being called
> from the local console of the node itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that most Canton commands can be executed from a remote console.
However, a few commands can only be called
from the local console of the node itself.
```

Given a participant's config file, you can generate a skeleton remote config file
using the ``generate`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./bin/canton generate remote-config -c participant1.conf

Depending on your network, you might need to manually edit the auto-generated configuration to adjust the hostname.

> You may also want to consolidate the auto-generated configurations into a single remote configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might also want to consolidate the auto-generated configurations into a single remote configuration file.
```

Reviewer: We follow the "may" guidance here: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#may
